---
Title: How I handle the IRS & Taxation
---

**Notice**  
The rights to all this content is  "without prejudice" and "under reserve". Bound only by the natural laws of the universe.

#  How I handle the IRS & Taxation

This article was written from my understanding of government systems and the courts based on research I did into Natural/Common law. If you are interested in learning more about common law I suggest listening to Anglea's "[My Private Audio](http://www.myprivateaudio.com/)" [Talkshoe](http://www.talkshoe.com/talkshoe/web/talkCast.jsp?masterId=39904&cmd=tc) [MP3 archives that involve Karl Lentz.](http://www.myprivateaudio.com/Karl-Lentz.html) The subject of law and right action has been obfuscated by established governments to maintain power over the people in which they are suppose to serve. I came to this realization after [reading about the differences between Common Law and Civil Law](). Other people may come to different conclusions than I.  Due to the amount of obfuscation on this topic I suggest you make up your own mind after your own carful research and study. True freedom is out there, but it requires work to get there. If you don't want to put  in any work into having true freedom I suggest you not delve into this topic. You and only you are responsible for obtaining knowledge about the topics that effect you and coming to the truth of what is.

## Prerequisite Knowledge 

**Disclaimer**
If you don't understand the prerequisite subjects I linked below it's likely that this information will not serve you. There is a chance that this information will not serve you at all regardless of your knowledge if you maintain some kind of karmic debt that needs to be balanced. The courts and other forms of authority even as corrupt as they are still are used by the universe to serve the greater good when it comes to individuals who have not understood their greater purpose for being on this planet. If you act in a manner that is unjust in your daily life the universe may act against you though [Natural Law]() and use the courts or government to do it even if you have a valid claim against them. This means that what ever claim you have may or will be ignored and you will feel the consequences of your actions though, but not limited to, the means of the courts or government actions against your person.

1. [Understanding the difference between Natural, Common and Civil law].
2. [Understanding your role](../principals/pricipal-roles.md) in:
	- Courts
	- Government
3.  [Always respond in writing unless you need to further clarify or authenticate your written document with your voice. ](aritcle-responding-writing.md)
4. [How to write a letter]
5.  [Attitude determines outcomes.](article-attitude-determines-outcome.md)
6. [The path of least resistance means the path with no conflict.](article-path-of-least-resistance.md)

As I was growing up in my teens I took various jobs. One of the so called prerequisites was filling out a tax form from the IRS.  I didn't think much of it looking back on those years now, but at some point in my late thirties I started to wonder about paying taxes because of the lies the mainstream media told and the United States government supported in relationship to 9/11 which orchestrated the Untied States involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan.

I really didn't think that our government was acting for the will of the people so I started to wonder about my relationship to government. I started learning about common law from Dean Clifford and Rob Menard. Please be aware of a few thing when I drop these names that I have discovered on my own:

1. There is an active effort on the part of the established ruling class to obfuscate this information using what I call "[War on Consciousness](article-war-consciousness.md)" tactics. There has been various tactics used from creating terms like "Sovereign Citizen" which is an oxymoron in and of itself when you look up the etymology of the two words that creates confusion and aligns the police and the ruling class togeather to try and stop, in the name of law, the common law movements that are springing up everywhere.
2. The people who are leading the charge of these truth or common law movements are not perfect the have lives that can run counter to the ideals they communicate. This doesn't mean you can't learn from them. You have to learn how to hold ideas in you head without accepting or rejecting them until you make your own decision to accept or reject. Do not just rely on someone else's opinion, you do this by following the [trivium method](http://www.triviumeducation.com/). You also shouldn't discount everything someone says because of there behavior. This is a mind control tactic that people who support de facto established systems use to stop people from staying on the path to truth. Don't become apart of that. For the most part I would suggest you make up your own mind from the subject matter, not the persons actions. Try to get a tapestry of a persons work before you discount it. If after sampling various topics of a particular researcher and you find that they repeatedly show bad conduct in their subject matters, then make your decision. I myself have been thrown off track of good information by this tactic quite a bit because I didn't want to be seen as supporting work from researchers that have been so called debunked using some minute issue that was never really important.

Eventually I moved on to Karl Lentz's work as it was very simple to understand and it stuck with common law aspects to protect rights instead of delving into Civil law. Karl Lentz said it best, dont use their stuff (Meaning Civil courts and law), stand your ground in common law. If you try to use Civil law against the system they will just change their codes or ignore your work. They can do this because its not Customary law, its rules and codes that people in these de facto established systems make up and can change at will.  For the most part, Civil law is handed down to us by people who have built careers off of ruling the people though arbitrary policies they created to take away individual rights so they can create a power differential between the people and themselves. They have no interest it what is right, only what they can do with the power they acquired though our acquiesce.

When dealing with government entities be vary careful of what you say and do. They have the power and the misuse of force to put you away for life or even end your life. In your mind try to treat them like lost children. They don't know any better other than what they are told. Since they have the force of law behind them they are very dangerous children.

Since you cannot refuse orders from these children, I have decided to use commerce law to force these institutions to compensate me for my time in involving myself in their shenanigans. Other people may take another approach if it works for them. They other method you can use Constitutional law. Whichever one you chose, stay with one. Do not mix Commercial and Constitutional law when you are making your conclusions. It will bite you in the long run.

The commercial way to do this is this:

1. In the common law countries like the United States and England there is a aversion and law against slavery. The commercial system has codes and rules that prevent outright slavery in legal terms. With narrow exceptions every interaction with any government entity or agent is a commercial transaction.  Everyone understands that in a Capitalist society to ask you to work for free is called slavery. They cant ask you to do that because it will go against everything Civil governments built and stand for.
2. If you are asked to pay money, you have a right to get an account of what that money is being used for. In some cases, and if the agent or entity is acting unlawfully you might have to fight for that account since they can use ambiguity to get away with acting unlawfully.

When you go into a store and purchase something you are billed the cost of the item and then you get a receipt of what that item is and it's cost. But since taxation is unjust and unlawful its very different. The try to assess what you owe based on how much you make and other factors. Also they never really give you a line item bill for what you are being charged for. They just take a cut of your income and thats the end of the story if you assumed the role of a "Tax Payer".

The problem with this, where do these agents get the power to audit you in the first place? The fruits of your labor is your own. Nobody should be able to say: "Hay, I want a cut of what you make because I'm building this road here and you need to pay for its use." Society can ask you to help pay for things like this, but it should never force people to do things they don't consent to. This is what makes it unlawful in common and customary law. Nobody has the authority to take what is yours. Now criminals in government hire thugs to collect this money all the time, the make it lawful by your uninformed consent to an what's called an adhesion contract.

You consent to this practice when you assume the role of a "Tax Payer".
The role gets assumed when you fill out one of their forms or you respond to a letter that address you as a fictitious name.

If you owe any debts as an assumed "Tax Payer", try and pay it moving forward, you allowed yourself to be dragged into their mess, take responsibility for that. 

In the future though, you don't have to make that assumption any longer. There are two ways to do this depending on how you make your living:

1. You are employed by a company. You can claim "exempt" if you decided that you don't fit the role of a "Tax Payer" and then under all of the other areas you could write "N/A" which translates to non-assumptive this means "Not taken for granted". You see when you fill out these forms many things are taken for granted: That you are a "Tax Payer", That you agree to all those terms and conditons. But you never gotten full disclosure on how that information is going to be used. Therefore you let them know that this is a non-assumed situation and that even though you are being forced to fill out this form (If you are forced to or chose to, to operate in society) it doesn't mean that you are agreeing to everything in these forms. When ever you fill out a form you should use discernment on what you choose to agree to.  Any time you have any trouble with any party that try's to force you to file as a dependent simply ask them for the point of law that requires it. If the act against you without a point of law, you have justification to stop them by using any and all legal means against them. Usually getting them on record with the illegality of the situation is enough, but you might have to take the party to court. Legally no person or body of persons can insert them selves between you and another party unless you consent to it and in some cases your silence is consent(in this case the IRS) consider everything you do with any party a private matter. don't allow 3rd parties to intervene in your private affairs.
2. You work for yourself, since you have decided that the role "Tax Payer" doesn't fit you you can just not file taxes at all. If you ever get a client that wants you to fill out a 1040 form, you instead you send them a notice that states that you have decided that you are not a "Tax Payer" and that by law your are not required to give out information like a social security number to enabled the creation of this form. The law only requests that that person ask for that information. You can refuse to give that information for whatever reason you want, I chose the path of, "I dont know where those funds are going, the government is operating completely outside of its mandate. I cannot condone its actions by giving them funds until I see some kind of bill letting me know exactly where those funds are going so I can be sure I'm not a accessory to a crime." The IRS may penalize them, offer to pay the fee or offer to deduct that fee from any bill you send them each year when they do their taxes, which is usually 50 dollars or around that number.

Government programs like the IRS are slow beasts, if you make a lot of money they still might come after you at some point, usually like 20 years later. When they do send you a letter or call you demanding something like a audit always comply, WITH conditions. This is called accepted for value. So if they say, "we want to setup a time to talk with you and perform an audit". If applicable, let them know that your chosen method of communication is in writing, make a fee schedule for your fee in complying with this audit. Audits are very time consuming so make it a high number. It could take you days or weeks to complete this hypothetical audit so I would normally charge a thousand USD an hour for how ever many days it make take me to compete it.

Then send them a compliance letter with the fee schedule letting them know That you will comply with this audit they want you to perform but first you need compensation for your time by notifying them about this situation and by including your fee schedule in with the letter you are letting them know that you are compliant but not a slave. And oh by the way you will need the money upfront since you have no relationship with them and you need to establish some trust. Because the IRS and everything about it is fraud and the person behind the position you are corresponding with does not what to involve themselves in this fraud, you probably wont hear from them for awhile until someone else gets the case and the process will start all over again with them not knowing what transpired in the original correspondence. Do the same thing again with them, until you do not hear from them again.

If they do respond (In writing, because you never talk to agents of the government unless you are referring to something you have written them, right? I hope you read the prerequisite information ahead of time) in some fashion with the words, "its your duty or its the law to pay your taxes or comply to the audit without compensation" simply write back asking them for the point of law where it says you have to comply to an audit without compensation.

Remember what I said about slavery? There is no law that states you have to do something without compensation. That would be slavery, simply remind of them of that.

If they continue to proceed against you even after that you will need to hit them with a cease and desist notice in writing letting them know that your right to not be harassed is being interfered with. Please carefully watch the words I use because if you use any word that you don't understand the etymology of it can and will be used against you. Notice that I don't use the word "violate" which is used in Civil law.

You obviously wan to keep copies of everything you have in relationship to the correspondence with any agent of the government in a secure place. I have heard of unannounced raids that happen where paper work suddenly disappears. If you are left with out any evidence to the fraud you are screwed in any court because it operates by facts, not hearsay.

If for some reason they drag you into court this is another matter that I have not dealt with myself since I do no make a lot of money. I stopped assuming the role of "Tax Payer" in 2007 and I haven't heard from the IRS yet.  Karl Lentz talks about this subject, he mentions that you always go into a commercial court not of your making to settle a debt. Make it clear that you are their to settle any debts that you have, you just need to get the line item bill so you know that your money isnt used for anything unlawful or illegal.

I have heard of people that have had judges that still proceed on them regardless. It is at this point that you have to hold the judge accountable to the law by giving the court notice (In writing of course) that the Judge needs to step down for "Ignorance of the law" This is a very touchy subject and you really need to understand how to conduct yourself before you try anything at court because they will test you. How to handle yourself in a lengthy court process is outside of the scope of this article. I suggest you listen to all of Karl Lentz's MP3 shows on Angela's takeshoe that I linked in the beginning of this document.

Unless you make above 50,000 a year you probably wont have to worry about the IRS coming after you. But that doesn't mean they wont or things wont change.


[Understanding the difference between Natural, Common and Civil law]: https://www.law.berkeley.edu/library/robbins/CommonLawCivilLawTraditions.html
[Understanding your role](../principals/pricipal-roles.md)
[Always respond in writing unless you need to further clarify or authenticate your written document with your voice. ](aritcle-responding-writing.md)
[How to write a letter]: https://redress4dummies.wordpress.com/study-guide/letter-writing-basics
[Attitude determines outcomes.](article-attitude-determines-outcome.md)
[The path of least resistance means the path with no conflict.](article-path-of-least-resistance.md)
[The path of least resistance means the path with no conflict.](article-path-of-least-resistance.md)
